Welcome, everyone, to our capsule
Pretty cool, huh? Totally futuristic stuff
Let's be honest, a bit down-to-earth too
A bit of a greenhouse vibe
Meanwhile, the LEDs are on, and soon
we'll have this cosmic beach resort ready
Calm, cozy, delightful
Did you know that a person
can tell within the first five seconds
of entering a new room
whether they like it or not?
Please raise your hands, those who
are totally okay being here
Alright, let's see
Beautiful, very beautiful
And thank you, 89, for not raising your hand,
because honesty, it matters
and from here, there's only one way, up
because the real key is the company
And what an amazing group we've gathered here
I must say, looking at all of you
I'm already very excited
We've got the ultimate dream team here,
at the very least, the Avengers